
Are you holding on to a grudge against your parents?

Because of some wrong things they have done. it could be true.they may have wronged you in latter part of your life. 

But that;s not a reason to be angry with them.

All parents regardless of what they may have done in latre part, have done immense things for their children. the problem is we cannot remember it.

The most work of parenting has been done before you and i were 5 years old. But we cannot remember it.

So if you have a grusge against someone and you want to let it go, the best thing you cloud do is to remember their good things and good characteristics. 

But how would you recall your parents goodness whne you cannot remeber it. You can look into people in similar situations and think along that your parents also has gone through all the hard experiences. You will see preganant women how hard is life for them. Even walking is difficult.

You'll see parent carrying their few month old babies in cots etc. Then yu can recall your mother also must have done it. looking at how parents don't have time to eat, sleep, or rest but has to keep an eye on the child. Your aprents also have done the same or you won't be here to read this. 

Recalling such goodness of other parents that yu can see, you can get an understanding of your parent's goodness. The more you understant their goodness moer you'll be happy to let the grudge go. 

If parents have done something wrong, that's probably because that was the best thing they could do according to their understanding and belief. They simply did not know or had any other option. Not because they are angry at you.

So, it/s the responsibilty of every child -we all are children of some parent - it's our duty to forgive our parents if they had wronged us. And helo them appropriately in their old age. 


Otherwise you'll be sorry once they are gone. 

You can apply the same principles for your mother-in-law and father-in-law and your spouse will be greatful to you at least in future when they come to understand your sacrifice. 